Docs/gail edits (#333)
Libensemble/libensemble: docs/platforms/bebop.rst

Bebop
=====

> Bebop_ is a Cray CS400 cluster available in the Laboratory Computing Resouces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bebop_ is a Cray CS400 cluster with Intel Broadwell and Knights Landing compute nodes available in the Laboratory Computing Resources
```

Center (LCRC) at Argonne National

> Laboratory, featuring both Intel Broadwell and Knights Landing compute nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Laboratory.
```

``mpirun`` should also work. This line launches libEnsemble with a manager and
**three** workers to one allocated compute node, with three nodes available for
the workers to launch calculations with the job-controller or a job-launch command.
This is an example of running in :doc:`centralized<platforms_index>` mode, and,
if using the :doc:`job_controller<../job_controller/mpi_controller>`, it should
be initiated with ``central_mode=True``

.. note::
    When performing a :doc:`distributed<platforms_index>` MPI libEnsemble run
    and not oversubscribing, specify one more MPI process than the number of
    allocated nodes. The manager and first worker run together on a node.

If you would like to interact directly with the compute nodes via a shell,

> the following shows starting a bash session on a Knights Landing node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the following starts a bash session on a Knights Landing node
```
